---
layout: post
title:  'Accepted list of proposals for PyData 2019'
date:   2019-07-21
categories: python pydata conference
permalink: /accepted-proposals-2019/
---

We would like to announce the list of accepted proposals for PyData Delhi 2019.

The following proposals are accepted:

## Talks

1. **Using NLP for disaster management - Kaustubh Hiware** (Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur)

    Kaustabh is an IIT Kharagpur Computer Science Graduate and is an open-source and Linux fanatic.

2. **How GPU Computing literally saved me at work - Abhishek Mungoli**

    Abhishek is a seasoned Data Scientist having 3+ years of experience in ML field, with Computer Science background, spanning over various domains and problem-solving mindset.


3.  **Automating Data Pipeline using Apache Airflow - Mridu Bhatnagar** (Goibibo)

    Mridu is working as a software engineer with Goibibo as a part of the Marketing Technology team. She is a computer science and engineering graduate from NIIT University.

4. **Auria Kathi - The power of Multi Model Machine Learning Pipelines - Sleeba Paul**  (Perleybrook Labs LLC)

    Sleeba currently works as a Machine Learning Engineer at Perleybrook Labs; an AI startup in India where he works on video analytics. He is a Power System graduate and published researcher who loves intelligent machines. 


5. **Deep Sequence Models for Attribute Extraction from Product Titles - Deepak Sharma** (Clustr)

    Deepak is a Senior Data Scientist at Clustr with close to 10 years of experience in building machine learning solutions for manufacturing, retail, e-commerce and software. He has built multiple end to end solutions.


6. **Building robust AI models against adversarial attacks: Python libraries Cleverhans and Foolbox - Deya Chatterjee** (SRM Institute of Science and Technology)

    Deya is a final-year computer science major and an AI researcher. She is a self-professed Python stan and works to apply AI in social science, healthcare and security problems.


 7. **Transfer Learning in Natural Language Processing - Janu Verma** (Hike)

    Janu is a Senior Machine Learning Scientist at Hike, New Delhi. His work is focused on recommendation and personalization using deep neural networks and graph embeddings. Previously, he was a researcher in the Healthcare Analytics Research Group @ IBM TJ Watson Research Center in New York. 

8. **Fundamental Results in ML and How to Use Them - Jaidev Deshpande** (Gramener)

    Jaidev is a senior data scientist at Gramener, where he works on building products for other data scientists. His interests lie at the intersection of data science, software engineering and continuous integration.


9. **Generating tabla note sequences with Markov Chains and Processing/p5.js - Keshav Joshi** 

    Keshav has worked as an ocean physics researcher at GeorgiaTech, a lecturer, and data scientist. He is interested in visualization, automated EDA tools, generative music, goofy chatbots etc.


10. **Intelligent recruitment using NLP and machine learning to identify the most suitable candidates - Victor Robin** (Dunnhumby)   

    Victor is a Data Science Director at Dunnhumby. He holds a Ph.D from the University of Exeter. Victor specializes in machine learning automation at scale. He has also worked for retailers and financial institutions, trying to build the most predictive machine learning model and also focuses on product development.


11. **Knowledge Graph made simple using NLP and Transfer Learning - Suyog Swami** (Dunnhumby)

    Suyog is a Senior Data Scientist at Dunnhumby with hands-on experience in machine learning, statistics and software engineering. He has over 3 years of experience using Data Science in Retail Analytics, Power Analytics (Oakland) and DBaaS companies (Dallas).


12. **Generating Sorting Networks using NEAT - Parth Raghav** (Reed College)

    Parth is a rising sophomore at Reed College, pursuing Math-CS dual degree. He has a background in Machine Learning, Distributed Systems, and Computer Vision.


13. **Understanding Opacity in Machine Learning Models - Ankit Rathi and Yatin Bhatia** (SITA)

    Ankit is a well-known blogger, author & speaker in data science & artificial intelligence field. He has more than 14 years of unique & rich combination of Data Engineering (DB/ETL/DWH/BI)/Architecture (Data Management & Governance) & Data Science (ML/DL/AI).


14. **Image Manipulation Detection using Neural Networks - Sonal Kukreja** (Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology)

    Sonal is a PhD. Research Scholar working in copyright protection and authentication of digital images using visual cryptography and machine learning techniques.



15. **Improving Model Lifecycle Management for Machine Learning Models - Pankaj Gupta** (Barclays Bank)

    Pankaj is a member of the Quantitative Analytics team at Barclays. His primary focus is on the integration of large systems of financial forecasting models and has a keen interest in risk modelling and big data capability development.


16. **Python in the Browser, Run! Run! Run! - Madhur Tandon** (Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology, Delhi)

    Madhur is a final year undergraduate student at IIITD majoring in Computer Science and Engineering. His primary interests include accelerating science through software development and learning algorithms.


17. **Automated Large Scale Forecasting for 1000+ products - Aanish Singla and Nikita Sharma** (Nagarro)

    Aanish has About 15 years of experience in IT Industry. He has been a Data Scientist for the last 3 years. He has implemented large scale ML solutions (Demand Forecasting and Price Optimization) for Airlines. 


18. **Building interactive data visualisations with Altair & Django - Rajesh Golani** (Libtech India Group)

    Rajesh is an electrical engineering graduate from IIT Madras. Over the last seven years, he has been a part of the LibTech India team, which started with a research program at Stanford University. In this project, he has contributed his technical skills to reducing corruption and improving accountability in basic public services in India.


19. **The Magic of Numpy - Sarah Masud**

    Sarah is a Software Engineer with more than 2.5 years of experience in Open Source, Python, Data Modeling and Machine Learning (RecSys and NLP), delivering and maintaining end-end ML solutions.


20. **How I Used Data Visualization in My Quest for the Perfect Wine - Pranav Suri**

    Pranav is currently a Plaksha Tech Fellow and is simultaneously working as a Research Consultant at WorldQuant LLC, where he makes data-based trading strategies for worldwide equity markets. Previously, Pranav was a Software Engineering Intern at Siemens and a Research Intern at Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati. 

# Workshops

1. **Advance ML- On Improving Performance of Machine Learning Models by Optimizing Hyper-parameters - Anubav Kesari, Tanay Agrawal** (Deep Learning Researchers)

    Anubav is Currently working with Exzeo as Deep Learning Engineer. He and Tanay have previously worked with MateLabs as a Machine Learning Interns, where they were creating an AutoML platform using Meta-Learning, Mateverse which would help the Data Science community a lot. 


2. **Quantitative Finance with R - Harshit Joshi** (Cluster Innovation Centre, University of Delhi)

    Harshit is a B.Tech student at Cluster Innovation Centre, University of Delhi. Most of his projects are research-oriented and his field of interest are Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing and Financial Markets. 

3. **Tips, Tricks and Topics in Text Analysis - Bhargav Srinivasa Desikan** (University of Chicago)

    Bhargav is currently a graduate student at the University of Chicago at the division of social sciences. He likes to apply computational techniques to social science problems, mostly working on natural language processing and statistical learning.


4. **Machine Learning Security - The Data Scientist's Guide to Hardening ML Models - Arjun Bahuguna** (PyData KTR)

    Arjun is an applied cryptography researcher at Next Tech Lab, with a focus on privacy-enhancing technologies and machine learning security. Recently, he's been involved with applying cryptographic techniques for secure computation to machine learning systems. 

<Br> 
All the selected speakers will also receive email notification today.

